Executive Information Portal (EIP) is a progressive private Service to enable "<b>Persona Stream of Awareness</b>" - based on self-rated "statements of facts" in daily activities - as an intelligent part of the Relevant and Intelligent "<b>CustomFeed</b>" also-known-as "<b>Personalized Recommendation Feed</b>". It is a tool - due to discovered cultivable [ <b>Prajna / Wisdom / Conscience</b> ] - to (1) know more about yourself, (2) change yourself and environment in <a href="https://blog.khaiphong.io/2017/12/list-of-figures-and-tables.html#Figure_5" target="_blank">Change Management</a> toward What Count, (3) cultivate [ <a href="https://blog.khaiphong.io/2017/12/a-light-out-of-darkness.html#Section_1.2" target="_blank">Human Harmony / Nhân Hòa</a> ] which is a <b>scientic impmementation of Gotama's first discourse / Dhammacakkappavattana</b> in turning the Dharma Wheel<sup><a href="https://blog.khaiphong.io/2017/12/references.html#D20" target="_blank">[D20]</a></sup>, and (4) minimize <a href="https://blog.khaiphong.io/2017/12/agent-of-changes.html#Section_3.5" target="_blank">possible conflicts</a> in all activities and relationships. 

Its Free initial resources such as <b>todo</b> list with self-rated "<a href="https://blog.khaiphong.io/2017/12/list-of-figures-and-tables.html#Figure_4" target="_blank">Right Effort</a>" stored in your private <a href="https://github.com/khaiphong/personadb" target="_blank">PersonaDB</a> are parts of the starter-kit to enable hand-on experience of your <b>CustomFeed Universal Web App (Mu)</b>. The more you use "<a href="https://github.com/khaiphong/mu" target="_blank">Mu</a>" and record your self-rated efforts, the more "Big Data" you are collecting as an "Asset" to know more about yourself in cultivable quality of your Consciousness - via custom <a href="https://github.com/khaiphong/personaai" target="_blank">PersonaAI</a> - extracted from and contributed to humanity pool of statistically significant epistemic objectives of "Thing-As-It-Is" according to Natural Laws.

It is your "<b>PersonaAI CustomFeed</b>" when you upgrade the Free todo list to formal "<b>Plan &gt;&lt; Execution &gt;&lt; Feedback</b>" designed for your <b>Unique Progressive Private Service</b>, a part of KhaiPhong <b>Strategic Intelligence Service (SIS)</b> enabling people the center of all activities and relationships.

Plan cart contains items of todos, executes, feedbacks pending to enter the queue pipelines. The cart checkout releases the items to the system for (1) collecting background information to be reviewed before releasing to the system, (2) notifying participants' Personal Assistant to be alert for the persona's recommended actions in handling the executes, and (3) applying Key-Performance-Indicator including Balanced Scorecard to collect feedback which are parts of the executions and recommendations of your project-plan-execution process.

With "<b>EIP</b>" as a tool to know more about yourself, you have measurable hard-data feedback of your action together with your and the peers' <b>normative rating</b>, plus cultivable "<b>Change Management</b>" which states that in any changing and conditioned existence, there are Always factors being changed according to your influences and/or by consciously directed actions. The cultivable <b>Human Harmony / Nhân Hòa</b> comes from the development of [ "Prajna / Wisdom / Conscience" ] which can only be built from layered No-Conflict Consciousness of [ "Kindness &gt;&lt; Empathy" ] having an innate ability to sense a wider view than the egoistic self. It is the [ <span style="color: #000070; font-style: italic; ">Prajna</span> ] from the <a href="https://blog.khaiphong.io/2017/12/right-mindfulness.html#Section_2" target="_blank">foundation of mindfulness</a> to directly perceive [ <span style="color: #000070; font-style: italic; ">True Intention &gt;&lt; Thing-As-It-Is &gt;&lt; Right Effort</span> ] for a "<b>Right</b>" [ <span style="color: #000070; font-style: italic; ">Conscience &gt;&lt; Justice &gt;&lt; Moral Value</span> ], leading to [ <span style="color: #000070; font-style: italic; ">Joy &gt;&lt; Detachment</span> ] on the duality plane of conflicting events to invisibly force the community toward this direction.

Private and custom "<b>EIP</b>" - progressively enhanced by <a href="https://github.com/khaiphong/personaai" target="_blank">PersonaAI</a> - is the key process leading to [ <b>Human Harmony / Nhân Hòa</b> ] where the [ (1) <b>HaveNot &gt; Stakeholders</b> ] &gt;&lt; [ (2) Management &gt;&lt; <b>Have</b> ] &gt;&lt; [ (3) State &gt;&lt; ChangeManagement ] can join forces for the benefits of all to naturally solve the problem of inequality caused by 1% of the 1% in the collapse of the Illuminati elites. The first integration step of bringing the "HaveNots" into stakeholders of the process is the lasting responsible added values of all involved parties. When the HaveNots are <b>above the poverty level having good community safety net</b>, the common conflicts between owner and workers in capitalism may be practically eliminated due to invisible Hand of Economics. The link between step (1) and (2) is an <b>accountable transparent process</b> seen and worked on by all stakeholders, applicable in both physical and human resources in the process's supply-change-management. The link between step (2) and (3) is a well-known auditable process in finance and can be expandable to all important domains to minimize <b>possible conflicts</b> in all activities and relationships.

When the legal entity is [ project / organization / division / ministry / group ], <b>EIP</b> is its team works whose wisdom and strategic decisions are measurable and accumulated for deeper mining and learning while the team members can come and go. The team culture and its intangible assets are continuously changing to meet the challenging environments of its fields.


